Functionality For Stratos

	Push to Record:
		1) ActionPerformed (Button is Pressed?)
		2) Acces mic
		3) Record input until Button is released.
		4) Send .wav file to Tropo server.
		5) Translate .wav to text within Tropo server.
		6) Return recorded text to app.
		7) Display recorded text into a text box for user verification.
		8) Have user confirm text.
			a) True: Save reminder and send to "Reminder Creation".
			b) False (Option 1): Manually edit the text box and send back to Tropo server with user verification as true.
				i) Save reminder and send to "Reminder Creation".
			c) False (Option 2): Run "Push to Record" again.

	Reminder Creation:
		1) Prompt user for title of reminder. (TextBox)
		2) Set Date/Time setting for reminder. 
		3) Optional: Set "Geolocation Reminder".
		4) Prompt user for reminder format. (Call, Text)
		5) Add user or group (Which group is the reminder for?)
		6) If the time matches ignore Geolocation setting and send reminder.
		7) Add newly created reminder to users reminder list (and specified groups list).

	Geolocation Reminder:
		1) Search bar for known loactions.
		2) Optional: Get Current Location.
		3) Gather Lat/Long from searched location. 
		4) Set specified loaction in reminder.
		5) If the coordinates match ignore time setting and send reminder.

	Groups Tab:
		1) Need the list of known groups (Alpha order?)
		2) Show title of groups.
		3) Number of active reminders for the group.
		4) Tap to get all info on the group.
		5) Swipe to delete group. (Will remove user's phone number from group and currently active reminders)
	
	Group Details:
		1) Title of group.
		2) Associated phone numbers in the group.
		3) Currently active reminders.
		4) Option to delete group. (Will remove user's phone number from group and currently active reminders)

	Reminder Tab:
		1) Need the list of active reminders. (Order by time.)
		2) Show title of reminders.
		3) If possible, show set geolocation of the reminder.
		4) Tap to get all info on the reminder.
		5) Swipe to delete reminder.
	
	Reminder Details:
		1) Title of reminder.
		2) The set Time/Date of the reminder.
		3) If possible, show set geolocation of the reminder.
		4) Show form of reminder. (Call or text)
		5) Associated phone numbers in the reminder.